Modular Stock JCONFs
====================

These jconf files, suitable for use with VR Juggler 3.0, are intended to support the development of more maintainable, flexible configurations (rather than complex, monolithic configurations per system).  Some of the "base" parts were initially derived from the standard "simulation" `standalone.jconf` while others were purpose-built.

The ones you probably want to use are the `system.*.jconf` files - they have no configuration elements of their own, but rather they include other config files as appropriate to set up the system described.

- `system.hydra-head-tracking.jconf` - Allows use of the Razer Hydra for head (right controller, modified) and wand input, accessing Hydra0@localhost and Filter0@localhost (for filtered tracking data from new VRPN builds). By default, it shows a 5:4 aspect ratio full screen, simulating a 1m by .8m screen. Place the tracker base about .32m away from the monitor, in its center. Use will simulate average standing height (the base is stated to be at 1.69m above the ground).

- `system.simulator.jconf` - This is roughly equivalent to `standalone.jconf` but it does not load the CORBA plugin.

- `system.hydra-two-handed-wiimote-headtracker.jconf` - Allows use of the Razer Hydra for interaction (left controller as wand), and WiiMote for head tracking.  Simmilar to Hydra head tracking, the base should be placed 0.32 meters from the center of the screen.  The WiiMote should be positioned to the right of the Hydra about 0.16 meters.

- `system.kinect-head-tracking.jconf` - Allows the use of a Kinect for tracking and interaction.  Similar to the Hydra head tracking, the Kinect should be placed 0.32 meters from the center of the screen.

Aspect Ratios
-------------

Here are some sample resolutions to help you figure out your aspect ratio.

- 4:3 - 1600x1200, 800x600
- 5:4 - 1280x1024
- 16:9 - 1920x1080
- 16:10 - most common widescreen aspect ratio for computer screens.
